docs: self-hosted setup for serverless workers (#4476)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/worker-deployments/serverless-workers/aws-lambda.mdx

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

- A Temporal Cloud account or a self-hosted Temporal Service vx.xx.x or later.
  - For self-hosted deployments, complete the [self-hosted setup](/production-deployment/worker-deployments/serverless-workers/self-hosted-setup) before following this guide.

>   - The Temporal Service frontend must be reachable from the Lambda execution environment. For Temporal Cloud, no additional configuration is needed. For self-hosted deployments on a private network, configure the Lambda function with [VPC access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-vpc.html) to reach the Temporal frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The Temporal Service frontend must be reachable from the Lambda execution environment. For Temporal Cloud, no additional configuration is needed. For self-hosted deployments on a private network, use features like [VPC access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-vpc.html) to reach the Temporal frontend.
```
